removing mention to dweb.link on gateway plot (#124)
probe-lab/website: content.en/ipfs/kpi/_index.md

#### Gateway Requests

> The following plot shows the total number of requests made per day to the ipfs.io [public IPFS gateways](https://docs.ipfs.tech/concepts/ipfs-gateway/#gateway-providers) operated by [Interplanetary Shipyard](https://ipshipyard.com/). Data is collated from nginx access logs that front the gateway infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following plot shows the total number of requests made per day to the ipfs.io, the main domain at [public IPFS gateway](https://docs.ipfs.tech/concepts/public-utilities/#public-ipfs-gateways) operated by [Interplanetary Shipyard](https://ipshipyard.com/). Data is collated from nginx access logs that front the gateway infrastructure and currently does not include requests made to less popular dweb.link and trustless-gateway.link domains.
```
